guile-xlib NEWS --- history of user-visible changes.  -*- text -*-

Copyright (C) 2001 Neil Jerram
See the end for copying conditions.

Updated changes Copyright (C) 2013 Mark Witmer

Please send guile-xlib bug reports to mark@markwitmer.com.


Changes since release 0.4

* All references to deprecated guile features replaced with up-to-date
  equivalents
* Added Configure.ac and updated Makefile.am

Changes since release 0.3

* Some pixmap-related primitives added

x-create-pixmap!, x-copy-area!, x-clear-area!, x-clear-window!

* Documentation created

guile-xlib now has Info documentation.

* autogen.sh added

The distribution now includes the autogen.sh script that the authors
use for bootstrapping the build before running ./configure.  This
means that you can now hack Makefile.am, configure.in etc. yourself,
and then run autogen.sh to propagate your changes into the rest of the
build.

* (xlib core) module removed

This is an incompatible change, for which apologies, but it removes
complexity that we simply don't need.

All of guile-xlib's functionality is now imported by using just the
(xlib xlib) module.

* guile-xlib program removed

The only difference between guile-xlib and plain guile was the
deprecated usage of the scm_register_module_xxx interface.  Now that
this usage is no longer needed, there is no point in retaining
guile-xlib.

* Compilation compatibility for current and development Guiles

xlib.c has been enhanced so that it can be compiled under both current
stable (1.6.x) Guile and development CVS Guile.  I'd like to support
older Guiles as well (1.3.4, 1.4.x), but unfortunately I don't have
those handy to test against.


Changes since release 0.2

* More informative error messages

Many of the errors that guile-xlib can signal now produce more
information messages.  For example, the error that is signalled if you
attempt to map a third party window now includes a description of the
bad window argument:

guile> (define r (x-root-window d))
guile> (x-map-window! r)
ERROR: In procedure x-map-window!:
ERROR: Window #<x-window 80c5878 XID 25 third party> belongs to a third party
ABORT: (misc-error)


Changes since sliced bread

* guile-xlib 0.2 released, February 2001

Version number 0.1 was used for a non-packaged version of guile-xlib
that was on my web site for a while.


Copyright information:

Copyright (C) 2001 Neil Jerram

   Permission is granted to anyone to make or distribute verbatim copies
   of this document as received, in any medium, provided that the
   copyright notice and this permission notice are preserved,
   thus giving the recipient permission to redistribute in turn.

   Permission is granted to distribute modified versions
   of this document, or of portions of it,
   under the above conditions, provided also that they
   carry prominent notices stating who last changed them.


Local variables:
mode: outline
paragraph-separate: "[ 	]*$"
end:

